Revamp getting started documentation and workflow (#637)
instructure/instructure-ui: docs/guides/v8-upgrade-guide.md

**Note:** In case you need them, the 7.x versions are still on npm, but they will not receive further feature updates.
You can still file bugs, and we will likely fix them or submit pull requests if you want to see a new feature in them.

> ### TypeScript

Reviewer: We could put a warning here too about it being WIP, so they can expect some weird warnings for now.

Author: done

Updated React legacy context to the new context API in the components that use it (e.g. `DrawerLayout`).

##### TreeBrowser

New `TreeBrowser.Node` component for rendering the `renderBeforeItems` and `renderAfterItems` in the `TreeBrowser` (Also available in 7.5.0).

> 

Author: I've removed this because we are not listing here every new feature addition in v8

##### Other

> - You can view the documentation from v6 with the dropdown in the left sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can access the documentation for older InstUI versions (from v6) from the dropdown in the left sidebar.
```
